Add note on use of HasSecureToken in WEX (#60)
DEFRA/ruby-services-team: services/wex/secure_token.md

# Secure token

> When you start a new registration or renew an existing one a token is created that is then used to identify the in progress `transient_registration`. From a design point of view this delivers a number of benefits to the user (as long as they retain the link)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you start a new registration, or start to renew an existing one, a token is created. We use this token to identify the in-progress `transient_registration`. From a design point of view, this delivers a number of benefits to the user (as long as they retain the link):
```

Maybe a bit nitpicky, but I thought the first sentence was pretty complex, so had a go at breaking it up to make it a little easier to read.

- they are not tied to their current session. They can close the browser and return to the journey at a later date

> - we avoid needing to setup an account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- we avoid needing to set up an account
```

- we are not adding an additional cookie to their session to track the registration

> For example, once a user is past the first page of the new registration journey their browser will show something like this for the url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, once a user is past the first page of the new registration journey, their browser will show something like this for the URL
```

> https://wasteexemptions.service.gov.uk/location/3zaSBUDkBQzhu8s5xd7Phoow

## Security

> Because we're identifying the in-progress registration from a url parameter and not something stored in the cookie, we needed to make sure it's sufficiently complex to guess, and unique enough to avoid duplication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because we're identifying the in-progress registration from a URL parameter and not something stored in the cookie, we needed to make sure it's sufficiently complex to guess, and unique enough to avoid duplication.
```

The token is generated randomly using [base58](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/SecureRandom.html). It is 24 characters from a `{0-9a-zA-Z}` character set (minus `0, O, I and l`). For example, `RA7pzGw7b52M1eaJGr7h2emR`. The total number of unique tokens we can generate is

> 58^24 = 2.1002541e+42

The chance of guessing a token is 1 over 58^24

> 1/58^24 = 4.7613286e-43

For comparison: there are approximately 10^80  atoms in the Universe!

## Uniqueness

Even though it is highly unlikely a collision will occur between tokens in the database, as an extra measure both `token` and `renew_token` have a unique index constraint in the database.

## Implementation

We use the [HasSecureToken gem](https://github.com/robertomiranda/has_secure_token) to generate the token.

> This is a backport of `ActiveRecord::SecureToken` 5 to AR 3.x and 4.x, and we are aware it has been sometime since any changes have been made to the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a backport of `ActiveRecord::SecureToken` 5 to AR 3.x and 4.x, and we are aware it has been some time since any changes have been made to the repository.
```

> We should be able to drop the gem and use built in ActiveRecord support once we [upgrade to rails 5](https://github.com/DEFRA/ruby-services-team/issues/31).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We should be able to drop the gem and use built in ActiveRecord support once we [upgrade to Rails 5].(https://github.com/DEFRA/ruby-services-team/issues/31).
```
